There was a lot of anger, and then, like, also,
you know, it was followed by a sense of righteous
anger around like, “Fuck you guys.” Like, “You’re
doing this [interviewer chuckles] to get us to
stop running this thing, and you’ve just screwed
with our entire community, right, in a way that
you can’t even begin to anticipate. And, wow, did
you just mess with the wrong community.” Like,
it quickly galvanized; I have to say. Because,
like, in the midst of this, there were all these
community events happening where everybody, like,
went from feeling demoralized and dismayed and
traumatized to a whole bunch of us going, like,
“You know what? No.” You know, there’s a big
event at, like, The 519 where Olivia Chow came and
raised, like, $10,000 in five minutes. You know,
and Tim McCaskell and all these people, like, show
up who had been through this before. You know,
a lot of the guys who had been part of the
raids. Other bathhouse owners. You know, and
Olivia [Chow]’s office... Like, her and her staff
were just incredible. Like, from the next day on,
they had us in their offices, like, helping us
navigate these systems. That level of support
from official channels, I think, meant everything
to all of us. You know, we weren’t on our own,
and we weren’t isolated, and we weren’t having to
face this, like, without institutional support,
in this, kind of, weird way. That was
unanticipated, let me just say that [laughs].